Front Page Video

Here at XXXXX, we've been working on perfecting customer service for decades. Our early beta versions did have some issues, but since our v1.0 education model went on sale, we've had nothing but rave reviews across the industry. Our time working in China helped to cement Ethan's role as both a hard worker and a model dedicated to helping make learning any task or skill easier. v2.0 included our "Online Edition", giving Ethan access to HTML, CSS and Wordpress upgrades which gave allowed Ethan to communicate with people across the world who needed help, but couldn't afford their own Ethan at home. Our v3.0 has been upgraded with Javascript, Jquery, Sass, and is currently learning Node.js and React. Customers who lease any model of Ethan will have priority access to all future versions, we are currently working on v4.0 which will include expansion of its Node.js and React skills, MySQL, Ruby on Rails, and more. v4.0 is currently schedule for a quarter 2, 2018 release and Canda's oldest Turtle, Doug, is working hard on a v5.0 Fullstack model with advanced knowledge of both database and front end design is slated for an Q1 2019 release. 

My Video

Hi! I'm Ethan Strauss and I would love the opportunity to join Shopify as a customer service Guru. I have three main reasons that I think you will agree make me the ideal candidate for Shopify. 

Firstly, and probably most importantly for the Guru position, I love to help. You may have noticed that I have had a variety of jobs in my life, but the one thread that joins them all together, is helping others. From my very first job as a customer service represntative, I worked hard to learn not only the software, but how to work with clients to ensure they could focus on chasing their dreams instead of spending their days trying to understand our software. Next I became a teacher where I helped tens of thousands of students both in Universities and online using a website I built devoted to making learning English as fun as possible. During my time teaching, I worked a number of side jobs including as a cultural business consultant where I helped many Chinese companies expand their brand into the West or attract foreign workers/customers, and as a radio personality where I recorded many shows for the youth of China to help give them avenues outside of the classroom to improve their language and understanding of the world. After moving back to Canada and coming to Toronto for my wife's MBA at UofT, we found students there couldn't find decent food to eat, so we opened a food delivery service, bringing hot, healthy, fresh vegetarian food to the school's doorstep to help the students focus on their studies instead of wandering the city looking for better food options. One could say that helping is pretty much part of my blood, I was raised by my mother to always help those in need, she ran a non-profit medical cannabis community co-op in Saskatchewan for many years which later grew into another start up in Uruguay focused on researching and developing both medical cannabis and industrial hemp uses. I think one of the keys to a happy life is to devote yourself to helping others, as there is no greater reward that seeing someone you helped go on to do great things.

Secondly, Shopify's customers are mostly entreprenuers trying to chase their dream. Over my life I have been blessed with the chance to be an entrepreneur four times, three times alone and once with my brother. I have both failed and succeeded multiple times. I have made mistakes and had them cost me dearly, but every time I get back up, figure out what I did wrong and research how to ensure it never happens again. Being an entrepreneur is terrifying, especially early on when you're still getting your bearings in the industry. That's the beauty of Shopify's platform, it allows entrepreneurs who are just starting out to run a professional looking site for cheap and as their companies grow, the Shopify platform can grow with them. 

Lastly, while being a Guru sounds great, it's actually just the first step on my planned journey with Shopify. My longer term goal is to become a front end developer and then a full stack developer. I already know HTML, Sass, Wordpress, Javascript, Jquery and Liquid, and I'm now working on a number of projects with Node.js, and React. Next I plan on working with Ruby on Rails as I know a great deal of the Shopify infrastructure was built with it. As a Guru this knowledge will help me in understanding and helping customers with their design and development problems. And later, having client facing "Guru" experience would give me a better idea of the strengths and weaknesses of the platform. 

So by hiring me you get someone who is a trained customer service representative, devoted to helping, loves solving problems, has a lifetime of experince in entrepreneurial activity. Most of all you get someone who would love to have a place long term at Shopify to help the company to continue to grow and succeed in the industry. I know I would be perfect for this role and I hope this short video has helped explain why, but I'd love to talk more online or in person about my experience, skills and goals. 


